now yg has a new single called go loco
which you will hear later on it's a
beautiful song about life and love and
relationships but if you're of an older
generation it might be a little bit hard
to follow so as a service to our slang
challenge viewers I am here tonight to
help translate and it's time for another
edition of new lyrics for all people
please welcome yg everyone
[Applause]
thank you for being here and for helping
us with this I mean is gonna expose you
to a whole new audience what is for
those who don't know what does yg stand
for it why do you stand for young guys
young gangster now young gangster will
recite the lyrics from his song go loco
its local with the K and I will
translate
are you ready should we do this let's go
hard let's begin here we go my go
loco that means my lady friend has some
mental issues she's working slide on it
with the fofo she will take up arms
against my enemies my go loco she
bounced that like a foe foe my crazy
girlfriend can get her bottom very close
to the ground like jelly oh I'll put you
in a chokehold I'll pull your tracks out
for show when when y and his girlfriend
make love it is vigorous and possibly a
danger to her hair extensions
hello
right you wrote it no come on yeah call
me for not Geico call my phone when
you're horny
yeah this means if you're interested me
love call me but if you need auto
insurance I can't help hey mamacita hey
mamacita hey drip too hard dogs on this
wave hello young lady
hello young lady always wear a life vest
when you're boating oh she told me
handcuffed what's it a big give a no
escape they're sexually adventurous
Oh red lipstick black outline only you
believe me clues when you phase let's be
careful with your makeup down there get
all over the place like some fresh face
yeah okay um you want a real who got
real emotion I want me it will it mean a
BIST busted open hey you are looking for
she's looking for a successful
individual you are looks are more
important to you yeah book you got a bus
at openness right you do have the busted
open that one I don't know what does
that mean busted open bless it oh yeah
[Applause]
I just figured it out okay and finally
my bids go loco his he's dating a crazy
person alright
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed